email which should managing expectations

I aim:告知对方你的进度，需要即使、简洁、传达要求和任务完成情况
 1.完成别人的任务 
   will do
   on it now
   will send over a draft by the end of the day
   i am having trouble accessing XYZ's site.Might have to get back to you tomorrow.Is that okay?
   i have a lab report and a problem set due on the same day.Could i have an extension till Wednesday?
   i am working on a memo ABC needs for his mtg this pm.Should i talk to ABC.
   i am not feeling well today and will take the afternoon off.Please do let me know if you need me tomorrow.

2.负责项目
  Received with thanks.
  How is your XYZ(research paper,draft analysis,lab report)going?
  Wanted to clarify something with you.Check this report we published last quarter,and send me what you have this pm.
  shoot me an email when you are free.
  I am on the road this week.Will get back to you next Monday.  
  ABC is our colleagur in HK who will help you on this matter.
  
3.基本术语
  3.1 抄送
       i have put ABC on copy
       you can copy ABC going forward
       分别抄送，但不想让他们互相知道：BCC ...(blind carbon copy)

  3.2)群发邮件时增加联系人     
       looping in ABC
       Adding/Adde ABC
       +ABC

  3.3)删除某人（涉及保密的信息）
      Removed ABC from this email.

  3.4)转发邮件
      pass me the email.

  3.5)回复邮件
      i will get back to you tomorrow.

  3.6)附件
      Attachde/Enclosed please find the report.
      i attached the report and let me know what you think.

  3.7)文件
      document
      spreadsheet(excel)
      presentation(ppt)

  3.8）和陌生人发邮件的自我介绍
      Hi,
      My name is Effie Stone.I work in the ... and am in charge of...
   
 4.群邮件  
   4.1)称呼
       发给整个公司，公司新闻 Hi all
       其他的：Team(usu),
              Gents(when all men)
   4.2)邮件插话
       4.2.1 在 cc list 里面吃瓜的时候想插进来
             Just to chime in ....
             i'd like to chime in with my idea...
       4.2.2 邀请别人发表意见
             please chime in here with your thoughts/comment/idea
             ABC.please chime in here with correct information.

5.更礼貌
  5.1 问问题
      i was wondering what your thoughts are changing this design.
      i am wondering if you are using the same material.

  5.2 请求比人做一件事
      if you could ...,that would be great.
      By any chance,could you help check the data?

  6.转折词汇
    6.1 lastly/finally -> 
        最后想说什么
        lastly,could you confirm that there is no additional change?
        finally,the most important thing is...

    6.2 as/on a side not/on a related point ->
         友情提示
         Also,on a side note,can you ...?
         As a  side note,i am begining to think our current measurement method dose not seem to beaccurate enough.

    6.3 specifically -> 
        特别说明一件事，用这个词开头来另写一个自然段
        specifically,we are interested in ...
        specifically,we would like to ...


    6.4 all said/with all that said -> 
        用于总结
        all said,i think we are in a enviable position going into the 2017 sales season with...

    6.5 that being said ->
        话虽如此
        That being said,we still need to...

    6.6 on another front (replace on another side)

7. 常用词汇
   7.1 highlight
       1) i have to highlight the issue that the deadline is close whereas up to date 
          we have not come up with a solution.
       2)one of my concerns is that the factory is not highlighting the challenges in production,
       3)can you provide some pictires and videos highlighting the ...area of the product?
       4)i would like you to put a report together hoghlighting what caused the issue and how you 
         expect to correct the issue.

    7.2 issue ->(replaced problem)
        quality issue 品质问题

    7.3 bullet points   
        ie,项目符号
        .(这个点在中间)，Let's dicuss all the bullet points tomorrow.

    7.4 callout
        ie,有箭头||线条的标注文字
        not remark,comment,note
        email 里面所有图片都要有文字标注说明，用 call out the tolerance/spec was not called out.

    7.5 with regard to/regarding -> replaced about
        i will have a business trip regarding the regarding the quality issue.

    7.6 echo -> 
        重复某人的观点
        to echo ABC's direction ,our plan is ...(在 ABC 的邮件上再回复)
        just to confirm and echo ABC,please...
        i can only echo ABC's email,i also think...

    7.7 address -> 
        between think/talk about & solve
        固定搭配：address the issue/problem/question/concern
        this issue needs to be addressed
        the product address the needs of beginners
        a question we will need to address is whether we can afford ...
        i addressed the quality issue in the meeting
        all other question/issues will be addressed by ABC.
        items to be addressed Wednesday.

    7.8 bring up -> replaced metion
        i also brought up a few concerns with ABC about ...
        one thing i'd like to bring up is ...
        we are looking to save some cost on ... project and one of the ideas brought up by the team was to look at...

    7.9 invlove ->replaced include
        we would involve members from purchasing team as well
        when there is delivery issue,please involve the sales team.
        i would like for the root causes and corrective actions to invlove some engineering
        controls in the process instead of just increase in inspections.

    7.10 direction -> replaced instruct,methods
         i will follow ABC's direction.
         thanks for your direction.

    7.11 concern -> worry
         quality concern
         delivery concern
         cost concern

    7.12 input -> advice
          thanks for your input.
          i'd like your input on it.
          we value your input...

    7.13 insight -> opinion/input++
         provide some insight
         look forward to you insight.
         that is valuable insight.

    7.14 dig into 
         we need to dig into the root cause

    7.15 expedite -> replaced accelerate/speed up
         expedite the order/process
         we appreciate whatever you are able to do in order to help expedite these samples.

    7.16 due -> replaced expect
         due date:预产期、预计日期
         the parts are dur in shanghai on friday == the parts expected to arrive in shanghai on friday
         on annual report is due to be shared early next year.
         the samples are due to ship/be shipped on monday.

    7.17 part ->replaced product in industry 
         the parts were made in january

    7.18 timing ->replaced time
         meaning:is USED to refer to the time at which sth happens or is planned to happen,
                    or to the legth of time taht sth takes.
         because the manufacturing timing is too long, we would come up with a better idea.
         my july visit timing has not yet been decided.
         that is perfect timing.

    7.19 check in ->获取信息、回报
         meaning:to talk with sb in order to report or find out new information  
                 < i have to goto a meeting now,but i will check in with you later.

         i wanted to check in to ensure...
         ABC checked in with me on what we can do.
         i will check in with our team to confirm expected ship date and let you know.
         i will check in with you tomorrow.
         
         in oral:i will check with you later.稍后再联系
                 i just calling to check in
                 --what's up?
                 --i am just checking in.

      7.20 going to/want to ->replaced gonna/wanna
          

                





       
